integrate graph computing products (#1461)
vesoft-inc/nebula-docs: docs-2.0/graph-computing/algorithm-description.md

  |`HOP_ATT`|`0.1`|The attenuation coefficient. The value ranges from `0` to `1`. The larger the value, the faster it decays and the fewer times it can be passed.|

### ConnectedComponent

The ConnectedComponent algorithm is used to calculate a subgraph of a graph in which all vertexes are connected to each other. Strongly Connected Component is considered in the path direction, Weakly Connected Component is not considered in the path direction.

!!! note

    Nebula Analytics only supports Weakly Connected Component.

Parameter descriptions are as follows:

<!--
- Nebula Algorithm

  |Parameter|Predefined value|Description|
  |:--|:--|:--|
  |`maxIter`|`10`|Maximum number of iterations.|
-->

- Nebula Analytics

  |Parameter|Predefined value|Description|
  |:--|:--|:--|
  |`IS_DIRECTED`|`true`| Whether to consider the direction of the edges. If set to `false`, the system automatically adds the reverse edge.|
  |`IS_CALC_MODULARITY`|`false`| Whether to calculate modularity.|

### Louvain

> The Louvain algorithm is a community discovery algorithm based on modularity. This algorithm performs well in efficiency and effect, and can find hierarchical community structure. Its optimization goal is to maximize the modularity of the whole community network. Modularity is used to distinguish the difference of link density within and between communities, and to measure how well each vertex divides the community. In general, a good clustering approach will result in more modularity within communities than between communities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Louvain algorithm is a community discovery algorithm based on modularity. This algorithm performs well in efficiency and effect, and can be used to find hierarchical community structures. Its optimization goal is to maximize the modularity of the whole community network. Modularity is used to distinguish the differences in link density within and between communities, and to measure how well each vertex divides the community. In general, a good clustering approach will result in more modularity within communities than between communities.
```

  |:--|:--|:--|
  |``|``||
  |``|``||
  |``|``||
  |``|``||
-->

- Nebula Analytics

  |Parameter|Predefined value|Description|
  |:--|:--|:--|
  |`TYPE`|`local`|The clustering type. Optional values are `local` and `global`. `local` indicates counting through each vertex, `global` indicates counting the entire graph.|
  |`REMOVED_DUPLICATION_EDGE`|`true`| Whether to exclude repeated edges.|
  |`REMOVED_SELF_EDGE`|`true`| Whether to exclude self-loop edge.|

## Similarity

### Jaccard

The Jaccard algorithm is used to calculate the similarity of two vertexes (or sets) and predict the relationship between them. It is suitable for social network friend recommendation, relationship prediction and other scenarios.

Parameter descriptions are as follows:

<!--
- Nebula Algorithm

  |Parameter|Predefined value|Description|
  |:--|:--|:--|
  |``|``||
  |``|``||
  |``|``||
  |``|``||
-->

- Nebula Analytics

  |Parameter|Predefined value|Description|
  |:--|:--|:--|
  |`IDS1`|-| A set of VIDs. Multiple VIDs are separated by commas (,). It is not allowed to be empty.|
  |`IDS2`|-| A set of VIDs. Multiple VIDs are separated by commas (,). It can be empty, and empty represents all vertexes.|

>   |`REMOVED_SELF_EDGE`|`true`|Whether to exclude self-loop edge.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  |`REMOVED_SELF_EDGE`|`true`|Whether to exclude self-loop edges.|
```
